c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe.config
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\pnunit.framework.dll
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\pnunit.tests.dll
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
c:\users\erwin.s.delos.santos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\TaleoAutomation_Console\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe.config
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\TaleoAutomation_Console\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\TaleoAutomation_Console\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\TaleoAutomation_Console\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\TaleoAutomation_Console\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\TaleoAutomation_Console\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\TaleoAutomation_Console\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\TaleoAutomation_Console\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Resources\main2.txt
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe.config
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Resources\main2.txt
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\pnunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.resx
C:\Users\john.lester.f.lucena\Desktop\Taleo_source\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe.config
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.resx
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Resources\main2.txt
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jerico.l.ortega\Desktop\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.resx
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Resources\main2.txt
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\pnunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe.config
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.resx
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Resources\main2.txt
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\kristen.r.t.limuaco\Desktop\TaleoWorkingCopy\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe.config
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.resx
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Properties\Resources.Designer.cs
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Resources\main2.txt
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.exe
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\TaleoAutomation.pdb
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\erwin.s.delos.santos\Desktop\latestTaleo\coderepo\TaleoAutomation\TaleoAutomation\obj\Debug\TaleoAutomation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
